Update DDoS L7 Attack Mitigation documentation (#1988)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/waf/src/content/ddos-l7-mitigation/configure-dashboard.md

---
title: Configure the Managed Ruleset in the dashboard
pcx-content-type: how-to
order: 1
---

# Configure the HTTP DDoS Managed Ruleset in the dashboard

You can customize the **action** and **sensitivity** of the rules in the Cloudflare HTTP DDoS Managed Ruleset in the following ways:

* [Configure all the rules in the ruleset](#configure-all-the-rules-in-the-ruleset)
* [Configure one or more rules](#configure-one-or-more-rules)

Tag and rule configurations have greater priority than ruleset configurations.

> For more information on the available parameters and allowed values, see [Managed Ruleset parameters](/ddos-l7-mitigation/override-parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the available parameters and allowed values, refer to [Managed Ruleset parameters](/ddos-l7-mitigation/override-parameters).
```
